#m1
1. Enumerate the properties of  the signals. Explain any two.
1. Write short notes on Quantisation.
6. Define and explain CTFS .
6. List the different types of signals and explain its properties.
11. (i) State and explain sampling theorem.
  (ii) Prove the properties of  CTFS.

12. Differentiate continuous time signals from discrete time signals with examples.
  Explain the difference .

11. (a) Explain sampling theorem with necessary diagrams.
                          Or
(b) Determine the Fourier transform of the signal.

#m2
2. Define and explain Noise. List the types of noise .
2. Describe different communication channels.
7. Differentiate  Twisted pair from coaxial cables. Explain .
7. Explain signal propagation delay and attenuation .

13. Define and explain typical parameters of communication systems.
              Or
14.State and explain Shannon Hartley theorem. Derive an expression for Channel
  capacity of a Noisy channel.

12. (a) Draw and explain the Architecture of a Typical communication system. And
explain the different types of noise.
                          Or                             
(b) Explain in detail different types of communication channels.

#m3
3. What is the difference between PPM and PDM ? Explain in detail.
3. Explain about Sample problems based on different modulation methods.
8. What is OOK ? Bring out its mathematical representation .
8. Explain pulse width modulation.
15.Explain AM,PM and FM in detail with neat diagrams. Bring out their mathematical
  representations.
             Or
16. Compare and contrast the parameters of different modulation formats. Explain the
   comparison in detail.

13. (a) Explain any three types of Pulse modulation techniques.
                          Or
(b) Explain the following types of modulation schemes (PSK,DPSK)

#m4
4. What is the principle of WDM ? Mention the types of WDM.
4. Compare Datagram’s and virtual circuits.
9. Explain the principles of Half and Full duplex transmissions with neat diagrams.
9. Describe in detail Wavelength division multiplexing.
17. Explain the principles of TDM and FDM in detail with neat diagrams .
              Or
18.Explain the basic concept of SONET with neat diagrams.

14. (a) Explain various switching methods.
                          Or
(b) Explain with block diagram Time Division Multiplexing (TDM) ( Transmitter and
Receiver section ).

#m5
5. Explain the properties of hamming codes.
5. What is Bar code?
10. Give an account on “Baudot code” .
10. Explain convolution coding.
19. Explain the properties and advantages of Linear block codes. Drive its code vector.
           Or
20. Write technical notes on:
  (i) EBCDIC
  (ii) Parity coding
  (iii) Syndrome calculator .
15. (a) Write the following error correction and detection code with example:
Line coding schemes, block coding
                              Or
(b)Write short notes on ASCII, EBCDIC, Bar coding and Baudot coding
